Setup 404 error code (#119)
YunoHost-Apps/my_webapp_ynh: doc/DESCRIPTION.md

PHP-FPM version can also be selected among `none`, `7.4`, `8.0`, `8.1` and `8.2`.

**Once installed, go to the chosen URL to know the user, domain and port you will have to use for the SFTP access.** The password is one you chosen during the installation. Under the Web directory, you will see a `www` folder which contains the public files served by this app. You can put all the files of your custom Web application inside.

> The application can also lets you manage 404 errors - if you activate the post-install option. Simply create an`error` folder in the `www` root directory. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also customize 404 errors - if you enable the option in the config panel. Simply create an`error` folder in the `www` root directory, containing your custom `404.html` file.
```

> The application can also lets you manage 404 errors - if you activate the post-install option. Simply create an`error` folder in the `www` root directory. 

Reviewer: I'm confused ... it says "if you activate the post-install option" (which I understand as you meaning the config panel option)

But the install enables this by default ... ?

Imho we might want to make this opt-in and not opt-out .. in particular I'm worried about what happens if the mechanism is enabled but no 404.html exists ...

Author: Yes, I have active this option to test it quickly with my raspberry, I need to set it too false to have the legacy behavior.
